
Exercises

1. In your own words highlight the differences in functionality and purposes Client-Side and Server-Side code serves in a full-stack web application.

	Client-side code serves the overall purpose of rendering the web app to the user.  Client-side code provides functionality for rendering the DOM, providing the logic required for user interactivity with the app, accepts inputs from the user, sends inputs to the server and makes requests for responses from the server, provides the user experience for the customer, and requests data from API's.  

	Server-side code serves the overall purpose of answering requests made by the client-side code. The server-side also has the function of managing data received from the client-side.  Server-side code stores data through interacting with a database.  Unlike the client-side, the server-side code does not render anything to the user and does not contribute to the web app design.    





2. What explains Nodes' rise in popularity and use? What does "Isomorphic JavaScript programming" mean? Provide some real-world examples not listed in this checkpoint of companies using Node.js.

	Node is a back-end framework that uses JavaScript, which is used by virtually all of the most popular front-end frameworks.  Node allows an entire web app, both front-end and back-end, to be coded using JavaScript.  

	Other server-side frameworks may use Ruby, Python, or some other language as the primary back-end code.  However, even when the back-end is coded in a language other than JavaScript, it still has to communicate with the front-end, which will be written in JavaScript.  Having the full stack coded in JavaScript simplifies the process for both the developer and the different components of the web app as well.   

	Isomorphic programming refers to writing code using the same language for both the client and server side of the app, which would be JavaScript for a web app.  

	Other companies that use Node.js for their apps include: 
			The popular online publishing site Medium.com.
			The credit card and banking company Capital One.
			The Groupon web app.




3. Draw a diagram of a full-stack web application and its key components.

	Please see the web app diagram pdf.  


